feat(Styleguide): Convert All Stories to MDX (#788)
Codecademy/client-modules: packages/styleguide/stories/Brand/Atoms/Logo.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Props, Preview, Story } from '@storybook/addon-docs/dist/blocks';
import { action } from '@storybook/addon-actions';
import { select, text, number } from '@storybook/addon-knobs';
import { StoryStatus } from '../../../Templating/Blocks';
import { Logo } from '@codecademy/brand-components/src';
import { selectableColors } from '../../helpers';

<Meta title="Labs|Atoms/Logo" component={Logo} />

# Logo

<StoryStatus status="ready" />

Our proud logo. There is no a in the middle. Use sparingly, and make sure

> it has a lot of visual disinction to standout appropriately.

Reviewer: The "standout" typo is new; the "disinction" one is pre-existing from me 😅 

```suggestion
it has a lot of visual distinction to stand out appropriately.
```
